heymans/static/login.md, before:

## Sigmund: your friendly, privacy-minded AI assistant!

&#128150; Your subscription<br>supports open source
{: .pretty-text }

- Better at answering questions about [OpenSesame](https://osdoc.cogsci.nl/) and [DataMatrix](https://pydatamatrix.eu) than other chatbots
- Built on state-of-the-art language models (OpenAI's GPT4 and Mistral Large), and therefore also an excellent general-purpose chatbot
- Messages and attachments are encrypted so that no-one can listen in on your conversation
- Basic Python and R execution abilities
- Search for scientific articles through Google Scholar
- Upload and download attachments
- Read more about [what Sigmund can do](/about) and [our terms of service](/terms)

Sigmund requires a subscription (€9 /month). You can subscribe after signing in. A variety of international payment methods are available. Subscribing is easy and secure. 

<a id="sign-in-button" class="link-button" onclick="signin()">
    <i class="fas fa-sign-in-alt"></i> Sign in with your forum account
</a>

<a href="https://forum.cogsci.nl/entry/register" class="link-button">
    <i class="fas fa-plus-circle"></i> Create a forum account
</a>

Commit message:

Add Claude 3 support - For now use Mistral Medium as search/condense model to avoid rate-limit issues

heymans/static/login.md, after:

## Sigmund: your friendly, privacy-minded AI assistant!

&#128150; Your subscription<br>supports open source
{: .pretty-text }

- Better at answering questions about [OpenSesame](https://osdoc.cogsci.nl/) and [DataMatrix](https://pydatamatrix.eu) than other chatbots
- Built on state-of-the-art language models and therefore also an excellent general-purpose chatbot. You can select OpenAI GPT4, Anthropic Claude 3, or Mistral Large--your choice!
- Messages and attachments are encrypted so that no-one can listen in on your conversation
- Basic Python and R execution abilities
- Search for scientific articles through Google Scholar
- Upload and download attachments
- Read more about [what Sigmund can do](/about) and [our terms of service](/terms)

Sigmund requires a subscription (€9 /month). You can subscribe after signing in. A variety of international payment methods are available. Subscribing is easy and secure. 

<a id="sign-in-button" class="link-button" onclick="signin()">
    <i class="fas fa-sign-in-alt"></i> Sign in with your forum account
</a>

<a href="https://forum.cogsci.nl/entry/register" class="link-button">
    <i class="fas fa-plus-circle"></i> Create a forum account
</a>
